let me see this
sir loyalty orphan the American are you
now or handle on the drill d first Morel
signed it
Marlon if you don't sign this are you
and I yet target if I don't start at the
fire me and in science
ready on Campbell in good evening
any man who protects communist is not
fit to wear that uniform to Canton big
people by rumor and hearsay then you
know my children won't be asked who
denounced me are they going to be judged
on what their father with labor I see a
chain reaction it has Mile End charges
were in a sealed envelope nobody saw
them wouldn't you guess that the people
who have seen the contents of that
envelope might have a better idea of
what makes someone a danger to his
country who do you think it should be
users sigh who are the people are they
elected are they appointed is it you
I searched my conscience I can't find
any justification for this my next show
is gonna be about Senator McCarthy we're
gonna go right at him we will not walk
in fear one of another this is no time
for men who oppose senator McCarthy's
methods to keep silent mr. Edward our
morale has made repeated attacks upon me
and those fighting communists somebody's
going to go down they're gonna get
audited this year new me you McCarthy
wants April 6
I'll not be deterred he's going to come
after me and you understand the position
you're putting us in let's walk very
carefully through these next few moments
why don't you just fire me no go after
Joe Kennedy will pay for it
Morrow is a symbol the leader and the
cleverest of the jackal pack them gays
and propaganda for communist cause okay
fellas here we go you might as well go
down sweet we're gonna go with the story
cuz it terrors right here in this room
and saved
I'm three two
we cannot defend freedom abroad by
deserting it at home good night and good
luck